21. What is inheritance?
Ans : One class is acquire property and behavior of another class or parent class is called as inheritance.
we can make used by extend keyword.


22. Which inheritance is not supported by Dart? Why? B3. What is advantage of inheritance?
Multiple inheritance is not supported by Dart
There are several advantage of inheritance
1) Reusability of code
2) Reliability
3) Better to Understand easily
4) Saving time and effort


23. Difference between inheritance and encapsulation. B5. Difference between inheritance and abstraction.


24. Difference between inheritance and polymorphism




25. Can we override static method in Dart?
26. Can we overload static method in Dart?
27. Can a class implement more than one interface? B10. Can a class extend more than one class in Dart?
28. Can an interface extend more than one interface in Dart?
29. What will happen if a class implements two interfaces and they both have a method with same name and signature?
30. Can we pass an object of a subclass to a method expecting an object of the super class? B14. Are static members inherited to sub classes?
31. What happens if the parent and the child class have a field with same identifier? B16. Are constructors and initializers also inherited to sub classes?
32. How do you restrict a member of a class from inheriting by its sub classes?
33. How do you implement multiple inheritance in Dart?
34. Can a class extend by itself in Dart?
35. How do you override a private method in Dart?
36. When to overload a method in Dart and when to override it?
37. What the order is of extends and implements keyword on Dart class declaration?
38. How do you prevent overriding a Dart method without using the final modifier?
39. What are the rules of method overriding in Dart?
40. Difference between method overriding and overloading in Dart.
41. What happens when a class implements two interfaces and both declare field (variable) with same name?
42. Can a subclass instance method override a superclass static method?
43. Can a subclass static method hide superclass instance method?
44. Can a superclass access subclass member?
45. Difference between object oriented and object based language.
46. Create a program using List
47. Create a program using Set
48. Create a program using Map